# cs465-fullstack

Express HTML for frontend development seemed very straightforward, which makes sense since I have an HTML background. The JavaScript involved was new to me, but still seemed to make a lot of sense and was well worth it in the finished product, since JavaScript adds a lot of good functionality for a webpage. The single-page application reminded me a lot of developing mobile apps, with all the functions of the application built into a single, highly reactive screen. The MongoDB database is also something I worked with before, and Mongo is a good choice for its compatibility with the other components of the MEAN stack. 

JSON is JavaScript Object Notation, and it's a JavaScript-friendly way to package data with a key:information format. Thanks to this, the website is able to quickly and easily move information around without the user needing to know a lot about the backend. A big factor in this project was modularity, which includes reusing code. There were several points, such as making the partials folder for the Express frontend, or making components for the SPA, where the full stack process was leveraged to improve the quality of the code, leading to efficiency for the user and future developers.

Testing the endpoints between backend and frontend was made easy with Postman, which allowed us to send specific messages between the two and get the response of success/failure. Then, I could run the website and test first-hand by seeing the results or attempting logins. Adding security in required a few extra hoops to jump through, ensuring that the functionality was correct for both the logged in and logged out states. It required a token to continue testing with Postman, but that in turn tested the security to ensure that only the correct token would lead to the correct response.

I've learned a lot this course about how different development technologies can be used in junction to create a polished end product. I'd never worked with JavaScript before, and that seems like a major language to have some experience with in order to succeed in computer science. 
